Added backend switching logic in fast-integration and added eventing tests with Event Mesh (#12163)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/README.md

npm test
```

#### To run eventing specific tests locally, follow these steps:
1. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd kyma/tests/fast-integration
npm install
```

> 2. Define SAP Event Mesh secret file path in `EVENTMESH_SECRET_FILE` environment variable.

Reviewer: One last suggestion so that there are enough info here, you could mention that the file you are expecting is a json file, and where one could get that file.

Author: I have added more info.

npm test
```

> #### To run eventing specific tests locally, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Eventing-specific tests locally, follow these steps:
```

Making it consistent since the previous [section](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/69832fb62d6ac149d46b0f3336a4cf7d857afaf7/tests/fast-integration/README.md#usage) `To run tests locally...` isn't bolded.

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd kyma/tests/fast-integration
npm install
```

> 2. Define SAP EventMesh Credentials JSON file path in `EVENTMESH_SECRET_FILE` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Define the Event Mesh Credentials JSON file path in the `EVENTMESH_SECRET_FILE` environment variable:
```
Since it's documentation on the open source GitHub, maybe we can omit SAP?

```
 export EVENTMESH_SECRET_FILE="<PATH_TO_EVENT_MESH_SECRET_FILE>"
```

> **Note:** SAP EventMesh Credentials JSON file can be downloaded from SAP BTP Cockpit under your subaccount instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The Event Mesh Credentials JSON file can be downloaded from the BTP Cockpit under your subaccount instances.
```

> 3. Execute the eventing tests:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Execute the Eventing tests:
```
